
1. I think making the link between the abstract sketches and the dinosaur park more explicit would help. E.g. A labelled diagram as follows:-

How the dinosaur fences are clearly represented by segments
How the electrical posts are represented by the dots. 
How the safe regions relate to the dinosaur



2. I like the Euler activity research questions however I think we should just have one question per slide. I think we can print these questions as separate slips for children to collect from us as they work through the activity collaboratively with a partner or in a three.
- see the questions' text below. separate into cards.

3. terminology:
- segments everywhere, not lines - make sure.
- Modify - > changes
- use Regions everywhere, no "areas", make sure.
The PP about Euler clues talks about areas but the rest of the information says regions.

- Minimal -> smallest
- Sum -> total
- Relationship  -> link
- Produced ->  made




--- qs text ----


Think of ways you can change a given diagram a little:
Can you add a fence segment, without changing the number of posts?
Can you add a fence segment, without changing the number of safe regions?
Can you add a fence segment while keeping both the number of posts and the number of safe regions the same?
What happens to the counts if you only add a few posts to the fences, without changing their shape?


Suppose my diagram has exactly 4 posts. What’s the smallest number of fence segments it must have to be connected? How many safe regions does this smallest diagram have? Suppose I want to have exactly 4 posts, and at least one safe region - how many segments will I need? And what about two safe regions?


Add a fourth column for the total of the number of posts and the number of safe regions. Fill in that column for all the examples you made (so if an example has 3 posts and 4 safe regions, in the added column you should write 3 + 4 = 7)
What can you say about the link between this number and the number of segments?

--- slips text ---

Slip 1
Think of ways you can change a given diagram a little. Can you add a fence segment, without changing the number of posts?

Slip 2
Think of ways you can change a given diagram a little. Can you add a fence segment, without changing the number of safe regions?

Slip 3
Think of ways you can change a given diagram a little. Can you add a fence segment while keeping both the number of posts and the number of safe regions the same?

Slip 4
What happens to the counts if you only add a few posts to the fences, without changing their shape?

Slip 5
Suppose my diagram has exactly 4 posts. What is the smallest number of fence segments it must have to be connected, and how many safe regions does this smallest diagram have?

Slip 6
Suppose I want to have exactly 4 posts. How many segments will I need for at least one safe region, and what about two safe regions?

Slip 7
Add a fourth column for the total of the number of posts and the number of safe regions. Fill in that column for all the examples you made. For example, if an example has 3 posts and 4 safe regions, in the added column you should write 3 + 4 = 7.

Slip 8
After adding the fourth column for the total of posts and safe regions, what can you say about the link between this total and the number of segments?
